so as a new Netflix movie called mute
that's done by David Bowie's son Duncan
Jones and I love two of his movies
I guess my dude at some points binge the
Cloverfield films cuz for this new one
he decided to make a sequel slash not
sequel but in the same universe movie to
moon with this movie that he has on
Netflix now I don't think it was the
worst thing in the world right but
that's probably cuz I watched it from my
couch but even though I don't think it's
the greatest thing that's out there do I
agree with the hate that critics are
giving it especially with this new
agenda let me explain alright for
starters there was like only 63 critics
who reviewed this thing which a Marvel
movie gets like over 300 people all I'm
saying is that if you're a critic who
watches movies for a living um watch the
movies I mean for this one you ain't
even got to leave the house you can
watch this on your couch because it's on
Netflix now I don't know about it being
13% I personally would give it a 15% but
I'm more curious about what people have
to say about this see we got one that
says Netflix is mutes never quite finds
its voice you've been sitting on that
one for a while haven't you look while I
do agree that the movie is like tonally
all over the place I always find it
funny when critics do something cheesy
like this especially when they bash the
movie for being cheesy then they deliver
this headline Paul Rudd and Justin
Theroux what the oh damn I guess this is
what happens when Aniston leaves you
they do their best to have fun but the
movies miserable tone is actively
competing against them at every turn you
know what David Sims from the Atlantic
you are completely right one gets the
sense that Jones has a lot he wants to
say but it's film like his protagonist
never quite finds its foot are y'all
hiring the same people
fans of moon and source code be warned
mute is sadly almost tragically not
worth the wait
like I said source code is freaking
fantastic if you haven't seen it I
highly recommend you watch immediately
if my opinion means absolutely anything
to you
it has Jake Gyllenhaal moving trains
time-travel Jake Gyllenhaal and moons
also really good I just refuse to
believe that the guy who directed moon
is the same guy who directed this one
right here the worst thing to happen to
Justin Theroux this week someone agrees
is it okay different I the main problem
with mute is that it doesn't use its
techno
logically advanced backdrop to say
anything new now I don't think
futuristic movies have to say anything
new I mean like a bunch of these critics
also loved Blade Runner 2049 which I
also think is fantastic but I mean
Westworld already covered all that I
think it's all about how you execute the
movie which you know Mew does some cool
things but then you know this dude is
writing on a pen and paper in the future
like he's Steve from Blue's Clues this
derivative sci-fi thriller about a
missing woman struggles to find its own
voice why do you
no wonder you call yourselves The Daily
Mirror Jones is clearly striving to
develop something fresh out of will try
to material and mute at least exhume
Jones stature as a notable auteur I
think maybe if like the fans of moon
didn't continuously hear it being
marketed as if being connected to moon
even though it's just like a random news
clip that appears then maybe maybe they
would have liked it a bit more Blade
Runner is kinky cuz boy when mute lacks
an originality it makes up for in risky
storytelling and unpredictably grimmy
plot decisions man our art critics
allowed to use meh or is that just
reserved for the the top critics but
it's never a great sign when your lead
is upstaged by the supporting players
and for all its good looks mute
ultimately doesn't have a whole lot to
say a mishmash of ideas in search of a
movie sadly true as a production project
it was apparently stuck in developments
hell for more than a decade sometimes
projects are stuck in development hell
for a reason fame this man is out to
kill and finally it's a particularly
disappointing misfire from the man that
gave us the low-key masterpiece of moon
and yet another nail in the coffin of
Netflix as a destination for quality
original films see that's the main
reason I'm making this video the Netflix
conundrum I like hearing what other
people have to say you know especially
when it comes to critics and you know
they get a lot of hate so maybe I'll do
these type of critic evaluation videos
in the future but this one in particular
spawned from the rumor that started by
Netflix and some of their filmmakers
that the critics are out to get them you
know like when everyone said that the
critics were getting paid by Disney and
as a dude you know who gets ignored by
the Chicago Critics Association I'll say
that I don't think the critics are out
to get Netflix or anybody else I do
think that we should check critics
because just because they're the ones
critiquing doesn't mean we can critique
they're critiquing and started critique
inception because in a world where
everyone can have an opinion those who
are getting paid for their should be
able to create some constructive
criticism not just snarky remarks and
even though I agree that mutes ain't as
fabulous a shar-pei it still stands that
how you critique something is more
important than why you critique
something that's what separates the
professionals from those who can never
quite find their voice damn I should get
a job at polygon thank you guys for
watching this video I'm curious to know
your thoughts definite let me know down
below in the comment section what you
want me to cover next your thoughts on
new anything other you know dealing with
movies and stuff like that if you like
this like looking back at critics things
I think it's interesting to see you know
the people who kind of have a stamp on
whether the movie is good or not in the
Internet's fear because they have those
credentials just seeing whether you know
even if they're right or wrong what
they're saying is there any merit to it
let me know your thoughts down below
don't forget to comment like and
subscribe and you too can be a top
critic on Rotten Tomatoes